I knew.
I knew it.
But I didn't expect it to be this much.
He has no cursed energy.
but he is so fast.
This guy might amount to
the best version of Maki.
I need to concentrate.
Thanks to Inumaki.
the ordinary people
and transfigured humans are gone.
I need to visualize
a scene where I defeat him.
Visualize
defeating him.
Rabbit Escape!
I felt the presence of Sukuna's fingers.
What's happening in Shibuya right now?
He dashed here based on his intuition!
Damn.
The cursed energy I have left
is not enough to expand my domain.
23:01 SHIBUYA STREAM
Kusakabe.
Haven't we checked
inside the building enough?
I know it's inside the curtain.
but thanks to Toge. most people
have already been evacuated.
Let's go to Satoru.
How can we get to the basement five?
Toge said that Satoru was really sealed.
We should hurry up.
You have mentioned Gojo enough.
It's not like
he's the only person in the world.
Right now.
perhaps there's someone
trembling in a corner of Shibuya.
For example. a lower-grade
elementary school girl.
What if we couldn't find her?
We are to blame
if she's deprived of her future.
I guess you're right.
If you understand. check every building.
every floor. and even every toilet's lid.
Damn. I can't come up with more excuses.
I am not going to the basement five.
I just want to keep procrastinating.
Why? Because I don't want to die.
If Panda finds out how to get there.
he will rush to
the basement five alone.
I want to avoid that too.
Because I do not want
to be left alone here.
He is a panda.
but he's more humane than me.
But because he is a panda.
he is not familiar with Shibuya.
He's totally unaware of how close
we are to the basement five.
I'll take a look over there.
Okay. check carefully.
Next. I'll pretend to
be lost in the station.
Not just those who sealed Gojo.
but I can also feel the huge cursed energy
appearing and disappearing.
I'm out. This is ridiculous.
Are you Jujutsu sorcerers
from the high school?
Surrender.
If possible.
I don't want to kill sorcerers.
Panda.
There are three people behind us.
There might be more hiding.
I don't want to be killed either.
But I can't just surrender either.
Why don't you introduce yourselves?
Take as much time as you want.
Dragging this out
will only disadvantage me.
I have to finish it quickly.
and I have no other choice.
My only advantage is...
Principal. we have
cursed corpses here too.
I can stay here alone.
You can't.
If the enemy finds this place.
you will become their primary target.
You can heal others
with your Reverse Cursed Technique.
Even Satoru can't do that.
If you hadn't come.
Ino and Ijichi would have already died.
That's thanks to your judgment.
It would have been too late
if I had come after Nanami called.
And it was significant
that we could let Nanami act freely.
Didn't you quit smoking?
It's because I recalled something
from my student days.
Miss Ieiri is not far away.
I must bear all the risks
of the battle by myself.
I'll end this battle minimizing injuries
to get back to the battle line.
I limited his route.
His speed is like that
of Sukuna back then.
I can't rely on my eyes.
And the timing...
If I miss the timing. I will die.
If I miss the timing.
I will die.
Damn it.
My child...
He's definitely got it.
When he reaches five or six.
and if he possesses cursed techniques.
I can sell him to you.
But of course. it depends on
how much you're willing to offer.
If it's an inherited technique.
I'll charge eight.
If something else. I'll charge seven.
If it's an inherited technique.
I'll give you ten.
Even though that place is a dump to me.
for someone with talent.
it shouldn't be that bad.
It doesn't matter anymore.
It doesn't matter.
I'll leave Megumi to you.
Hey.
What's your name?
Fushiguro.
Not Zenin?
Good for you.
What was that?
Don't think about it now.
I should find Miss Ieiri quickly.
No.
I have to check
if Maki and the others are safe.
This is more like it.
This suits me the best.
You want to assist that guy?
You just want to use the opportunity
to reclaim Master Geto's body. right?
No.
The imposter's motive
and identity are still unclear.
But...
If the world falls into chaos.
it's the non-sorcerer monkeys
who will suffer the most.
Only the strong will survive.
Monkeys will be phased out.
while sorcerers will increase.
Cursed spirits will gradually disappear.
That is the world Master Geto wanted.
So I will assist him.
His body is no concern of ours
at the moment.
It's about carrying on a will.
Don't make it more complicated.
How can we stand by and watch the person
we love being used like a zombie?
Master Geto's story has come to an end.
I will not let anyone tarnish it.
You should start acting
like an adult. Nanako.
Adult or child...
We have nothing left to discuss
if you talk like that!
Stop. both of you.
The last thing Suguru wants to see
is us hurting each other.
Neither of you are wrong.
Let's part ways here.
Do what you want to do.
Larue. what about you?
I will not join either side.
Just like Miguel.
I only wanted to make Suguru the king.
But...
never forget.
We are family.
One day. somewhere.
we will gather again for a meal.
We've inherited Master Geto's will.
Since you are from the high school.
I think there's no need for more words.
Are you going to surrender or not?
I hate indecisive men.
I'm a panda.
so she's not talking about me.
She made it so brief. damn it.
But then again.
they are just a mediocre group.
It's too easy.
I will just deal with it casually
and kill time.
New Shadow Style.
Evening Moon Sword Drawing.
Is this your response?
As a thank you for the fingers...
Just come at me.
If you can hit me once.
I'll work under you.
I can start with killing
all the humans in Shibuya.
except for one.
Is this all you've got?
-It's not over yet!
-Cursed spirit!
Geto. how many fingers of Sukuna
are equal to my strength?
As an overestimation.
around eight or nine?
I knew.
I knew it.
I knew there would be
difference in strength.
But I didn't expect it to be this much.
The moonlight is so bright.
Thanks to that.
I can clearly see how miserable you are.
Come on. you can do it.
Until I get bored.
I will keep playing with you.
This place is dangerous now. Run!
Where are you going?
Listen!
Curse users. listen carefully.
I'm not sure why.
But there are special grades
killing each other.
They're basically like
elephants tap dancing on ants.
-Hurry up.
-To be clear. we're the ants.
Maximum.
Meteor.
New Shadow Style.
Batto Sword Drawing.
Panda.
Let's escape...
I won't allow that.
From now on. all humans within a block
are not allowed to move until I say okay.
If anyone dares to defy it.
they will be killed without mercy.
Not yet.
Okay.
Even Sukuna wouldn't come out unscathed.
But you have to hit me first.
Why don't you use your domain?
I know I can't defeat you
in a battle of domains.
Because that was how
you lost to Satoru Gojo?
Spoken like a true loser.
But I'm just getting excited.
How about I fight your way?
Open.
Is that...
fire?
Aren't Sukuna's techniques
slicing and slashing?
I see. I thought you knew.
But I guess cursed spirits wouldn't know.
Don't worry.
I won't resort to the trick
of revealing the technique.
Get ready.
Let's have a battle of firepower.
Sorry. Hanami. Dagon.
Mahito is still out there.
Humans fear and detest death.
But on the other end of death.
there are also humans standing.
To humans. death is a mirror.
And Mahito is that mirror.
Mahito can become even stronger.
That's why you made him the leader. right?
When we are reborn.
we will no longer be ourselves.
Even so. I really want
to meet you all again.
We are the real humans.
What?
You wanted to become a human?
I understand what you mean.
You don't want to actually become a human.
You just want to attain
the status of a human.
Even though I understand.
I still find it incredibly dull.
Crowds of humans. crowds of curses.
Measuring themselves by those around them
makes all beings weaker and weaker.
You should have burned everything.
No calculations or plans. just randomly.
Until you reach the realm of Satoru Gojo.
Not thinking about the future or identity.
What you lacked is
the hunger to cling to your ideals.
Maybe you're right.
But.
I had fun.
Humans. sorcerers. cursed spirits...
Compared to those I fought
a thousand years ago. you're not bad.
Be proud.
You are strong.
What is this?
Who knows.
I don't know either.
Who are you?
I have come to greet you.
Lord Sukuna.
Are you Uraume?
It's a pleasure to see you again.
23:07 DOGENZAKA. IN FRONT OF SHIBUYA 109
Are you kidding?
Damn it...
Get up. you damn sorcerer!
I see videos of Coke with Mentos
on the internet. Is that real?
Why?
I think I accidentally had Mentos
with Coke as a child.
but I don't remember it.
so the video must be fake.
Okay. eat it.
Next episode. Thunderbolt. Part 2.
-See you next week.